add section info to entities (#120)
aphp/edsnlp: docs/pipelines/misc/sections.md

1. The `section_titles` key contains the list of all section titles extracted using the list declared in the `terms.py` module.
2. The `sections` key contains a list of sections, ie spans of text between two section titles (or the last title and the end of the document).

> If the document has entities before calling this pipeline, so an attrubute `sections` is added to each entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the document has entities before calling this pipeline an attribute `section` is added to each entity.
```
